# AMD_Robotics_Hackathon_2025_Organize_pen

## Team Information

**Team:** *37, Meisei Rescue, Shu Mitsuda,Shingen Koyama*

**Summary:** *pick and place+α*

## Submission Details

### 1. Mission Description
At disaster sites, debris often restricts the working environment, making it difficult for humans to approach directly. Therefore, manipulators mounted on disaster-response robots are required to perform a wide range of tasks, such as:

Removing debris to secure pathways

Operating interfaces like levers and valves in place of humans

Mission 2 aims to reduce operator workload and accelerate disaster-response operations by developing manipulator control that can safely and efficiently execute such complex actions.
### 2. Creativity
Performing a pick-and-place task using a thin rod-shaped object, with a knocking motion included partway through the sequence.
### 3. Technical implementations
Training
Thorough calibration was conducted to ensure stable and reliable manipulator movements.
### 4. Ease of use
The robot can adapt even if the pen’s position shifts.
The robot operates by placing the pen within its reachable workspace and running inference.
## Additional Links
*For example, you can provide links to:*

- *Link to a video of your robot performing the task*
- *URL of your dataset in Hugging Face*
- *URL of your model in Hugging Face*
- *Link to a blog post describing your work*

## Code submission

This is the directory tree of this repo, you need to fill in the `mission` directory with your submission details.

```terminal
AMD_Robotics_Hackathon_2025_ProjectTemplate-main/
├── README.md
└── mission
    ├── code
    │   └── <code and script>
    └── wandb
        └── <latest run directory copied from wandb of your training job>
```


The `latest-run` is generated by wandb for your training job. Please copy it into the wandb sub directory of you Hackathon Repo.

The whole dir of `latest-run` will look like below:

```terminal
$ tree outputs/train/smolvla_so101_2cube_30k_steps/wandb/
outputs/train/smolvla_so101_2cube_30k_steps/wandb/
├── debug-internal.log -> run-20251029_063411-tz1cpo59/logs/debug-internal.log
├── debug.log -> run-20251029_063411-tz1cpo59/logs/debug.log
├── latest-run -> run-20251029_063411-tz1cpo59
└── run-20251029_063411-tz1cpo59
    ├── files
    │   ├── config.yaml
    │   ├── output.log
    │   ├── requirements.txt
    │   ├── wandb-metadata.json
    │   └── wandb-summary.json
    ├── logs
    │   ├── debug-core.log -> /dataset/.cache/wandb/logs/core-debug-20251029_063411.log
    │   ├── debug-internal.log
    │   └── debug.log
    ├── run-tz1cpo59.wandb
    └── tmp
        └── code
```

**NOTES**

1. The `latest-run` is the soft link, please make sure to copy the real target directory it linked with all sub dirs and files.
2. Only provide (upload) the wandb of your last success pre-trained model for the Mission.
